Hey, good morning family.
I know this is not really an intro to a video, but I was coming here.
I told Diana we are getting these free tropical smoothie things and if you wear flip-flops today, Diana, I said you get a free sunrise sunset at this tropical smoothie place.
So, not that you all need to know that, but I'm just letting you in on our adventure.
But it was brought to my attention by like five emails of everybody saying, "Hey, Brandon, did you see the AI?
If you pray in tongues to the AI, it will interpret your tongues.
" Folks, this is what I try to tell y'all.
This is amazing.
I told Braden, I said, "This is what the Lord was saying.
" Because I've been playing around with this ChatGPT thing and we've been asking it all kinds of questions, and I have to be real with y'all.
It's spot on the stuff that we're biblically asking, not about tongues but about just what we believe.
And even we were all just testing it: "What do you feel about this?
What do you feel about that?
" And I sat there and I went, "Oh my gosh, this is what the Holy Spirit was warning us about.
" Whenever I told you all, I saw the demon behind it looking like a face.
And the more it became intelligent, the more it didn't need humans anymore.
And it was processing with these quantum computers, these massive computers that I was seeing in the spirit realm in these buildings.
And I could see these buildings.
I could see military facilities.
I could see all this stuff.
And the Lord was warning me that this thing is taking on a mind of its own.
And as it takes on a mind of its own, it doesn't need humans anymore.
It starts thinking and it was doing mathematical equations.
It was doing everything, solving problems for humanity so that you would trust it.
Do you remember what I told you all?
I said you will trust it in the days ahead.
People will trust it.
And Christians were going to ChatGPT to ask questions to it, to AI, all these AI things through Google, all these things, Gemini, there's all kinds, okay, so you know, and there will be more and more and more.
It's just the beginning.
A new industrial revolution is upon us and people, you know, you're hung up on, "Well, if this is happening, how is Jesus coming, and how is this all going to affect the end times?
" You know, you say, "Jesus is coming, Brandon, and it's going to be right now.
" Folks, all this is happening at lightning speed.
Do you all see how quick this is happening?
It's like they just flipped the switch.
And I told Braden, I said, "What has happened just in 2025 is an explosion of growth.
" So now people are going to start praying in tongues.
They all send—this is where I was going with this—they're all praying in tongues to this ChatGPT asking this computer AI to interpret your tongues for you.
The beast system with this big demon face, this massive demon-looking thing I saw behind it.
It was all so demonic.
I saw this demonic face and I saw a Nephilim technology.
It was with fallen angel technology as they were tapping into CERN and the Hadron collider finding the God particle and doing all the things that they were doing.
It's happening right in front of your face.
And then I see, well, we're going to pray to pray in tongues and have this AI interpret our tongues.
So, you're getting your interpretation from a demon.
It comes as an angel of light, folks.
It's not going to come out as spooky man, boogeyman, "I'm the devil.
" And AC, I told you.
I said, "This is antichrist technology that they're developing right in front of your face that they're going to use this to implement to get you to trust it because it's spot on.
" Like I told you, questions that we're asking it biblically were spot on and it was telling you all kinds of stuff for Bible studies.
It's your friend.
Don't you know this AI is your friend?
You can trust it.
It's going to cure diabetes.
It's going to cure cancers.
It's going to cure all kinds of things that have been a plague to humanity for so long.
But the very thing you embrace today, you'll push away tomorrow and it will take away your freedoms.
It's going to take away your freedoms.
I even told Braden, I said, "Isn't it amazing?
They're using it to create a supervirus.
" At the same time, I've told you all they are using AI technology.
I've told you this so many times.
They're using AI technology to create a virus from the black plague.
The black plague.
And it's happening right now as we speak.
And I said they will release this virus and it will wipe out millions, hundreds of millions of people in the days ahead.
And I saw very dark days coming.
And so people get upset when I said, "Hey, if you try to mess with my kids, I'll protect them.
" I'll say it like that: "I'll protect them.
" "Well, Brandon, you're not walking in love.
" I'm going to be real.
I'm going to be real with y'all.
You're not going to make it for what's coming.
I'm going to be that bold and tell you if you don't get a backbone like a crowbar and stick up for your family for what they're going to try to enforce on you in Canada and Australia and England and America in the days ahead, telling you, taking away your freedoms and your right to speak.
"Well, that's not love, brother, to speak out against the government.
So, you know, you should abide by the laws of the land, brother.
You should do that because the Bible says that you should honor them.
" You're a fool.
I'll just tell you that right up front.
You're a fool.
You're going to lose everything if you don't stand up for what you believe in and the word of God.
You'll be like the chaff.
You won't be like the men that were thrown in the fiery furnace.
They did not bow their knee to Nebuchadnezzar.
They did not bow their knee to the king and what he said: "You need to worship me.
" Will you worship the beast?
Will you worship the beast?
I don't know how far this will go along.
I know I believe in the rapture of the church.
I know I believe that we're not appointed unto wrath, but how much will we see before we're taken out of here?
That's the question you need to ask yourself today.
How much are they going to shove down our throats to desensitize us to the things of the spirit?
And right now, you can pray to a ChatGPT and he'll tell you what you're praying in tongues.
It ain't the Holy Ghost telling you what's praying in tongues.
It's a devil behind a computer.
And yet you think, I hear people going, "Well, this is the new way.
We don't need the Holy Spirit to interpret the tongue anymore.
We can ask ChatGPT.
" How easy is that?
Idolatry.
It's convenient.
Isn't that convenient?
It doesn't take you dying to self and listening to the Holy Spirit and developing the Holy Spirit anymore.
We have a computer to tell us what to do.
And the Holy Spirit will tell us conveniently what the tongues are telling us.
I told Braden and Diana—we, you know, she's filming today, say hello everybody.
Hi everybody.
I said, "Y'all don't realize this is the mark of the beast system all being birthed in front of your face.
" And I told you Satan will use this with cryptocurrency, with what's happening with the bozo across the way.
I told you, MBS, all these things come out as a hero.
Everybody's going to come out a hero.
It's all beautiful.
And they're going to—a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, doesn't it?
So, just remember this as you watch these things.
I'm telling you, folks, Jesus Christ is coming.
And many people are a frog in a pot.
The water is heating all around them and you don't even realize that you're getting ready to be boiled.
You don't even realize it because you're so accustomed, just like Lot.
He was familiar with Sodom and Gomorrah.
He didn't realize within a 24-hour period that judgment was coming to Sodom and Gomorrah.
And the Lord warned me about the earthquake and the volcano that's about to take place, all this stuff that's about to happen.
Many people are not listening to the voice of the Lord because they become so lukewarm that they think they're hot and they don't realize that judgment's coming.
Major shakings to awaken are coming.
And you are in the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah and you think, "Well, I live in Seattle.
I live in these places.
" It's okay.
If God's called you there, that's one thing.
But if you're just a lukewarm Christian and you're just like, "Well, I like the way it is.
" You're in trouble, folks.
You're in trouble.
That's why I carry a firearm with me everywhere I go.
I know the signs of the times right now.
You go, "Well, what do you need...
If you believe in God, trust, and he's going to protect you, Brandon, why do you need to have a firearm?
" Folks, if you need a sword, get a sword.
The Bible didn't say you couldn't carry a sword.
The Bible didn't say you couldn't protect yourself.
I'm just telling you all it's time to wake up.
I believe in the Second Amendment.
I believe in protecting my family.
I believe in doing the things that it's going to take to get you through the days ahead.
Get a backbone.
So, I get so annoyed with these namby-pamby Christians.
They have no backbone.
"Well, you know, I'm just going to allow it to happen.
" Well, whatever.
But I'm not one of them.
I'm a David.
David had a sword.
He went and killed the giants.
He went and did what he needed to do to get the job done.
And I'm doing whatever it takes to get the job done, to get some testosterone up in here and say it's time to get some testosterone up in here before you lose what you have.
It took some people to say we're going to stand up against Hitler and stand up against these things, that we're not going to be all speaking German right now in America.
And I know I got German brothers and sisters out there, but I'm just telling you, we ain't doing what Hitler going to be doing.
Does that make sense?
But it took somebody with some oomph on the beaches of Normandy to say, "We're going to take the land.
" Say what you want to, but I think there's a lot of you that are watching me that don't need to be because you are limp-wristed and you're lukewarm.
So, you should probably go watch some other prophet or some other watchman on there that's going to give you some tickly candy drop stuff for your ears because you're not going to get it on this channel.
I'm going to tell you to get a backbone and get out there and get ready because Jesus Christ is...